[NumberField] Component and Hook (#186)
mui/base-ui: docs/data/base/components/number-field/number-field.md

    <NumberField.ScrubArea>
      <NumberField.ScrubAreaCursor />
    </NumberField.ScrubArea>
  </NumberField.Group>
</NumberField>
```

### Custom structure

Use the `render` prop to override the rendered elements with your own components:

```jsx
<NumberField render={(props) => <MyNumberField {...props} />}>
  {/* Subcomponents */}
</NumberField>
```

All subcomponents accept the `render` prop.

To ensure behavior works as expected:

- **Forward all props**: Your component should spread all props to the underlying element.
- **Forward the `ref`**: Your component should use [`forwardRef`](https://react.dev/reference/react/forwardRef) to ensure the Number Field components can access the element via a ref.

A custom component that adheres to these two principles looks like this:

```jsx
const MyNumberField = React.forwardRef(function MyNumberField(props, ref) {
  return <div ref={ref} {...props} />;
});
```

### Value

The `value` prop holds the number value, and `onChange` is called when it updates:

```jsx
function App() {
  const [value, setValue] = useState(0);
  return (
    <NumberField value={value} onChange={setValue}>
      <NumberField.Group>

>         <NumberField.Decrement>&minus;</NumberField.Decrement>

Reviewer: I'm curious, why not `-`?

Author: &minus is wider and looks more in proportion with `+` 😅

    <NumberField.Increment>+</NumberField.Increment>
  </NumberField.Group>
</NumberField>
```

### Min and max values

To prevent the value from going below or above a certain amount, the `min` and `max` props can be used:

```jsx
<NumberField min={0} max={100}>
  <NumberField.Group>
    <NumberField.Decrement>&minus;</NumberField.Decrement>
    <NumberField.Input />
    <NumberField.Increment>+</NumberField.Increment>
  </NumberField.Group>
</NumberField>
```

### Step

The `step` prop snaps values of the input to ones that are multiples of the given number, affecting how the stepper buttons change the value:

```jsx
<NumberField step={5} min={2}>
  <NumberField.Group>
    <NumberField.Decrement>&minus;</NumberField.Decrement>
    <NumberField.Input />
    <NumberField.Increment>+</NumberField.Increment>
  </NumberField.Group>
</NumberField>
```

In the above example, the numbers are snapped to multiples of `step` starting from the `min` value: `2`, `7`, `12`, `17` and so on.

The `largeStep` and `smallStep` props can be specified to change the step when a modifier key is held:

- `largeStep` is used when <kbd>shift</kbd> is held, incrementing and snapping to multiples of `10`.

> - `smallStep` is used when <kbd>meta</kbd> (<kbd>cmd</kbd> or <kbd>ctrl</kbd>) is held, incrementing and snapping to multiples of `0.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `smallStep` is used when <kbd>Alt</kbd> is held, incrementing and snapping to multiples of `0.1`.
```
